the Israeli Defense Forces have just
been giving a briefing about that
hospital explosion the IDF says its
evidence has quote confirmed Islamic
Jihad was responsible for the explosion
and that there were no direct hits by
Israel on the hospital building let's
listen in this is the area of the
hospital okay we are showing the parking
lot and the
hospital okay those are in red spots
this is not in infrared so you can
understand it
betterly this is the parking
lot this is the parking lot you can see
the parking lot also now in this picture
shown here okay aftermath after the hit
there is no structural damage to the
building the walls stand intact there
are no craters here
all of the above which I said no
structal damage the walls stay intact no
craters these are the characterized that
shows that not an aerial munition that
have hit the parking
lot we also have examples of what air to
ground munition Creator looks like as
you can see they do not exist in this
instance many media Outlets immediately
reported the unverified claims by Hamas
those were lies spread by Hamas I want
to make something clear it is impossible
to know what happened as quickly as
Hamas claimed they
knew that was have that that should have
been an initial warning sign for
many unlike Hamas the IDF launched an
immediate examination which was over
overseen at the very highest levels of
command this professional review was
based on intelligence operation
intelligence operational systems and
aerial footage all of which which we
crossed
checked the evidence which we are
sharing with you all confirms that the
explosion of the Hal mahani Hospital in
Gaza was caused by an Islamic Jihad
rocket that was Miss
fired and that was the chief
spokesperson for the Israeli Defense
Forces giving Israel's account of what
happened at that hospital in Gaza well
un Chief Antonio Gua says he's horrified
over the hundreds of deaths in Gaza he
called for an immediate truce to allow
humanitarian Aid into the territory he
also called for the immediate release of
hostages held by
Hamas I call for an immediate
humanitarian ceasefire to provide
sufficient time and space to help
realize my St appeals and to Wi the Epic
human suffering we are witnessing too
many lives and the fate of the entire
region hang on the
balance